hi and welcome to this Auto emotional
appraisal of a very very special vehicle
it's instantly recognizable by lots of
car 50 models as well as the old-school
mercedes Brigade this is of course the
car that is very known on the Internet
as the 560 II and absolutely stunning
one of vehicle presented as you can see
in this beautiful hue of grey metallic
and pretty much slam to the deck it is
of course a w123 shape 230 but this has
had a very very painstakingly and
meticulously detailed conversion done to
hold within its very soul 560 engine
block from of course are much bigger
brother mercedes-benz and this
particular vehicle was of course owned
by the one the editors of practical
classics magazine therefore it had a
comprehensive write-up done on the
vehicle which really does make for a
stunning meeting when you see the amount
of work and craftsmanship really went
into creating this one of truly
magnificent vehicle sitting on the
the original solid Mercedes rings the
vehicle really as you can see the stance
is just a one-off for a w123
very very rarely are you going to get an
opportunity to purchase a car that's had
such a great history detailed of it and
saw me right up done throughout its
history as this particular vehicle
really then a beautiful vehicle from any
angle a host of upgrades including lots
of audio equipment as well the car just
really sitting almost vertical to the
horizontal to the ground and really does
handle those Oaks on Rails a phrase
that's thrown around quite a lot but on
this particular vehicle it truly fitting
that twin chronicles giving a hint about
me the car warrior system which has been
upgraded to include must be alpine head
unit as well as the MPX base box within
the boot enclosure itself
as you can see there the Sun which is
all connected up to that fusion amp and
the boot itself is also dynamited out to
ensure that it really does have all the
sound kept inside you then by a huge
type of practical classic magazines for
spitting considering it all those
important one of the
editor's of said vehicle and again this
poll really does jump out at you whether
it be the exterior in that gray metallic
or of course the black leather interior
with that period tartan track really
then setting the vehicle off as you can
see the floor itself really just has a
host of bells and whistles that makes it
er car fans dream getting inside you'll
notice never seen on the W 1 2 3 s
before of course the electric the tilt
and slide facility jumping into the car
you're greeted by that build quality as
soon as you close the door and the
resonance of the door itself closing
signifying the build quality that made
the German vehicle manufacturer also
formidable in its field you've also got
the switchgear then from the bigger
brother Mercedes including of course the
Alpine head unit which marries up to the
subwoofer and amp in the rear that
seamless Mercedes gearbox an engine
which when you hear it start up really
does send a bit of a shut down your
spine you've also got the lumbar support
electrically controlled modules here for
the front two seats and the interior is
in brilliant condition that black
leather interior even the front armrest
and all of the seats really including
even the drivers bolstered very very
good order really the vehicle that has
got no shortfall of following and fans
something that you can get in and drive
every day as well as something that you
can really keep in a garage and you know
it's always going to appreciate in terms
of value the car of course starts with
our fault on the button
you have of course got the ancillary
heating and cooling elements which as
you can see they're blowing nice and
strong
and the vehicle of course as mentioned
previously will be accompanied by this
Alpine CD tuner but really and truly
it's the sound of the actual engine that
really does it justice on this vehicle
and if I just try and get some of that
sound coming through as I start the
engine on this beautiful engine now just
burbling away really does turn heads
whenever you were getting going and
hopefully the camera got some of that
Rumble
you can also if you can just about make
out the car will physically just move
under the power of this engine that's
been shoehorned in this engine bay
it will literally rock the vehicle side
to side yet you still have that super
three-pointed star signifying the build
quality on this particular car the car
then really isn't for the faint-hearted
it's something that really needs to be
cherished and appreciated again a host
of upgrades for a w12 through that you
really wouldn't get anywhere else
including the switchgear the electric
seats the black leather interior again
as you can see the balls going near a
one condition the vehicle really then
looking for a very special person to
take her on board and be part of its
chain of much accomplished and very
loving owners again the car really has a
host of upgrades that will be detailed
on auto emotional and its new owner it's
a very lucky one w1 lovingly
professionally known as the five 60-year
marks it follows on the internet and all
those who subscribe to practical classic
in the one of the editors numerous
write-ups on the work that's gone into
this a labor of love no doubt go to
private place in anyone's driveway
ladies and gentlemen
or so emotional